let's speak to yumna elad she's in Khan
yunas on the ground there in the
southern part of the Gaza Strip yumna
tell us a little bit more about the
latest strikes that we've been seeing
because we know those bombardments have
not
stopped well that's true Anastasia the
bombardments haven't stopped starting
from last night all through the hours of
the night and all through the hours of
this day in the northern part many uh
Target targeting have happened
bombardments in the northern part where
tanks have shelled on the homes of
residents in the northern part of the
strip while a huge air strike took place
in the duala refugee camp where dozens
of people were killed and dozens others
were injured in that very dly populated
refugee camp While others are still
under the rubble uh civilians with very
uh primitive and uh almost with their
bare hands were trying to bring out the
people from under the reubel in that air
strike in jabalia which wiped out by the
way an entire uh neighborhood over eight
homes were completely destroyed in the
jabalia uh targeting other homes also in
the northern part and in Gaza City in a
subra neighborhood a home was targeted
other homes were also bombarded in Gaza
City and uh a a school a public school
was also uh targeted in Gaza City Y I
want to ask you a little bit more about
that school the alala school I
understand thousands of people were
Sheltering there and it's emerged that a
very large number of dead and wounded
are still potentially trapped there
under the
rubble well yes that's true and and the
the the biggest crisis with the
targeting of alah school in zun
neighborhood in Gaza City is the
disconnection of communications Nastasia
now according to Witnesses and local
sources we have learned that this school
was targeted in the early dwn hours of
this day and uh no one knew anything
about the targeting or bombardment of
this school because of the disconnection
of communications until some of the
survivors in the school were able to
reach somewhere else in order to tell
other uh people and the Indonesian
hospital that there has been a major
targeting in the school until now we
have learned about over 70 people killed
in that school and a great number of
injuries from those people who were
Sheltering in that school thousands of
them have been Sheltering in this school
after their homes in Gaza City have been
completely
bombarded humna elide there with the
latest for us from the ground in kanun
and the southern part of the Gaza Strip
thank you yumna please stay safe